Here we are in the Democratic Republic of Congo, one of the world’s poorest countries, with general living conditions often below the Sphere standards.
In addition, successive conflicts in the highly volatile North Kivu province in Eastern DRC have been affecting and displacing the population for many years.
can be equal possible to reach India insecurity
yeah if their economy my our report on Marty a2y back Bobby Bobby it is it to.
my room is immune bahattin apart us through cope when you tryna say pho cool
new mucci dimanga dijo una cosa mutata you're gonna see a massage um samba como
para una vehicle code name is inequitable segregated tunica media
targeting the most vulnerable among the affected population must be done in a transparent predictable and co-ordinated way
the sphere standards provide the common language for successful coordination and collaboration
miserable CMO supplies on k4k led to open acct is a distancia de la camino de la pluie
necesite gonna play live in harmony new form a la communauté amante NSA
surveillance on da Pavia declare swab jective secretary like a new permit a
Domino's intervention in Syria clear somebody Superdome making movies on de
de manos
this is goma North Korea's capital
here as in many parts of the country the water supply situation is precarious
everyday families fill their jerry cans on the shores of Lake Havasu
clean water is too expensive for many especially the displaced
let's look at water supply standard one access and water quantity
the standard calls for safe and equitable access to a sufficient quantity of water
like all sphere standards it is a concrete expression of rights in this case the right to water
the terms safe equitable and sufficient must be interpreted for this specific
context for example with help of this quantitative key indicator
average water used for drinking cooking and personal hygiene in any household is at least 15
liters per person per day
like quantitative indicators quantitative indicators may need to be adapted to context this one must take into account how much water is available
guidance note to help prioritize the use of water
lo de la plancha cast on the program doing a scene is ma who on netflix to
the category Susie acid dealers or lay gas on a fee-only low of a boon a sad
loss lv al-abbas on Alec we saw will try later family-related is on far as curses
on the category the preview now add mayonnaise on to have Andy debris latvia
city we saw islamic rebel baskets original the key to the popular national
cool haha flaker families are going to arrest the aliens are some young
protégée